The SDDM team is proud to announce the release 0.10.0 of SDDM, the Simple Desktop Display Manager.

SDDM is made possible thanks to the collaborative work of the Maui Project, KDE and LXDE, as well as the help and contributions from dozens of other developers.

Please note: Minimum required version of Qt is now 5.2, although Qt 5.3 is recommended. Next release will drop support for Qt 5.2 entirely.
Although this is mainly a bugfix release, due to the aforementioned backwards incompatibility it has been made a new point release.

This release contains security bugfixes. Upgrading is highly recommended.

Release notes:
 * BACKWARDS INCOMPATIBLE: Drop support for Qt 4.
 * BACKWARDS INCOMPATIBLE: SDDM now prioritizes loading sessions with a .desktop prefix
 * SECURITY: Never try to login as the sddm user (CVE-2014-7271)
 * SECURITY: Fix race condition in XAUTHORITY file generation (CVE-2014-7272)
 * SECURITY: XAUTHORITY file is no longer owned by root
 * New translation: Kazakh
 * Fixed password field initial focus state
 * When the default theme is not available, sddm now loads the first theme in alphabetical order
 * Fixed PAM environment variables being overridden
 * Fixed autologin with the passwd backend
 * Greeter themes can now specify their own icon and cursor themes.
 * Various bugfixes with SessionCommand/XSession support
 * Various bugfixes with test mode.
 * Various cleanups

The list of changes is also available in our CHANGELOG file:
  https://github.com/sddm/sddm/blob/v0.10.0/ChangeLog

The SDDM team is working very hard towards SDDM 1.0.0. Want to help us? Want to join us? Found any bugs? Please file bug reports and pull requests on our Github tracker:
  https://github.com/sddm/sddm/issues

The 0.10.0 sources are hosted on Github. Please see the "INSTALL" file for build instructions.
  https://github.com/sddm/sddm/releases/tag/v0.10.0

We would like to thank the following developers for their contributions to this release:

Baurzhan Muftakhidinov, David Edmundson, Elias Probst, Jerome Leclanche, Jon Eyolfson, Kevin Funk, Maarten Vanraes, Martin Briza and Pier Luigi Fiorini